The Joe Rogan experience.
You know, he became, uh, he was it once for, uh, Stephen King's movie. It,
he was the it. Oh, oh really? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm afraid to watch.
Those. Have you ever seen the, the original, the original TV one, which it was,
it wasn't as scary as the yeah.
That's Tim Curry as Pennywise and the 1990.
Yeah. I would never watch that. And.
It's, it's a good exam, but it's not.
I like him over there.
I know, but that, that one, the TV 1990, it is not that scary.
Any of them are scary. My mom used to read the book and she'd have,
it was like this thick and we would always tease her. Like you finish it yet.
Like how, what is that about? Like, it just, we didn't understand it.
And then the movie came out and we were like, yeah, we're not watching that.
I used to have to take, uh, the tea from my house to, uh, Boston.
I lived in Newton and I'd take it to Boston when I was a teenager. Okay. And,
uh, what do you mean thet? The T it was like, uh,
the Boston version of the transit system.
Oh, oh, the tea. Jesus, Joe. That's what they call it. I drink ice tea.
I'm literally like what? The Boston tea party. Sorry. Where are we going? Sorry.
I thought like.
You know, okay. I'm sorry. We have the L so I would read.
Sorry, we have the L yeah, Stephen King books. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And I read like, basically every Stephen King book from like
lawn man. I like some of the short stories, my, all the Richard Bachman books,
I read all of them, but it was one of the weirdest ones. It it's a weird, yeah.
It's like.
It's giant. It's like, what is going on? It's a weapon for you on the.
Team. What's going on in your head, man. Wow. What's going on in your head.
You're inventing this. He's frightening clown. That eats kids.
Whew. Yeah. If you look into that, would that,
I don't know. That's.
Scary. Stephen King had so many books like that. Didn't.
He have a lot of trauma around him, for sure. Well.
You know, he grew up in Maine. It's hard living up there. Okay.
And he grew up poor, you know, you know, he didn't have any money. Like he,
I I'm, I've read, um, uh, Stephen King on writing.
It's an amazing book cuz it tells you, uh,
not just how he writes and what he thinks about writing,
but also it tells you about like sort of the history of his career and how
difficult it was. And, and when he sold, I think it was care.
It's been a while since I read the book,
but I think Carrie was like the first big sale that he had. I think it was. And,
and all of a sudden he was wealthy and,
and the fact that they were trying to like look at the numbers and they thought
the numbers were wrong and the first check they got like what is happening? Oh,
wow. Yeah. It's a crazy story because you know, he was struggling.
He was teaching and he was writing these books and you.
Know, that's how writers do they struggle like that, but then you strike gold.
Like he did. Carrie was great with the dirty pillows. So funny.
Did you ever <laugh> he, I read when she went to the prom and her boobs were at,
why do you have your dirty pillows out? Dirty pillows? The.
That's.
One of those things that it's almost better if you just read it.
I used to think that was a stupid idea. Yeah.
But the there's a way that he describes things in the book.
So that's open to the, my mom.
Says the same thing. She's like, oh, this whole scene lacks because blah blah.
You know? And I'm like, whatever lady.
Not reading. It's it's like,
if someone could capture it all visually that's better. Right.
But can they capture why get lost visually the way that we, I don't know.
I think it's, uh,
there's certain things it's like the way a writer writes,
like a guy like Stephen King, like you feel, feel the,
you have access to the thoughts that these, uh, characters have.
Right? You have access to everything.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> you have access to not just like their actions and how it
plays out and you can't even actually see it. So you have to imagine it,
which sort of stimulates your imagination.
But you're also getting access to their very thoughts. Right?
Because weird parts of writing that like are almost more
descriptive than seeing it cuz when you're seeing it and hearing it, it's like,
it's pretty cool. Right.
You watching a great movie with great effects and and you're seeing it and
hearing it. It's cool. But when you're reading it,
there's a weird thing that's happening where you're you have to fill in the
blank and it stimulates your mind in a different way.
<affirmative> and Stephen King was the master of that. Yeah. And it's like,
when, if you read his and then you watch his movies,
you're like the movies are like, he made some, amazing movies.
No doubt about it. Like Carrie freaked me out.
To me. Carrie was detailed enough. But if I was reading the book,
I probably would never sleep. I think.
That was a movie. That was a book rather. He doesn't remember writing. I'm.
Pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. Was he on Adderall? No, he was sorry.
That's was cop up. And he was doing, he was drinking like crazy.
I think that was one of the ones. I think it was Carrie and maybe uh, Christine.
Oh, Christine's great.
Maybe it was CJO maybe the C word a C I think it was Cujo.
I think it, he got stuck on seas. I think I got stuck on a sea dude,
but there are so many good books man. But uh, I think it was Cujo. I think Cujo,
he wrote when he was so high and so up.
He literally just doesn't remember writing.
It. It is funny just to get stuck on a letter.
I'm listen, I'm not a, I'm.
Not the person. What could we call this? What could we call.
The dog? There it is. Stephen King discusses Cujo in on writing,
referring to as a novel. He barely remembers writing at all. That's it?
There it is.
King wrote the book during the height of a struggle with alcohol addiction or
killing it. Right. Can you decide to say he likes the book?
The movie was and wishes.
He could remember enjoying the good parts as put them on the page. Wow.
It's a great book though.
That's what its amazing reading. That book I think would be insanely crazy.
Cuz like even watching the Mo you get frustrated, you're like, do this, do that.
You know? Like the movie's not good. No. Yeah. It's not good. It's not the best.
But you're like, why didn't they just do this? Or why didn't they do this?
But maybe in the book, it, it had more tension.
Or something.
What I was gonna say is the movie's not good at expressing the layers and layers
of fear and recognition that this dog who was your lovable pet is now
gonna kill you. Yeah. The, the it's it's too hard to do.
It's too hard to do in a movie. It's it's too hard to do.
It takes too much time. If you're reading a book, it's like what's,
what's the average amount of time it takes to read a,
a book like CJO like how many pages is CJO I'm gonna say,
let me guess 396 pages.
309. Really. Oh maybe I'm.
I was off by a hundred. It's terrible percent off.
<laugh> I knew I would get into the three to be honest nine. It wasn't bad.
I was thinking higher. I was thinking like five be I don't know why,
but I was thinking it was way higher. Well then.
You get into like the stand, right.
But because I'm thinking of all those books on my mom's sh like they're, the.
Stand is really long. How long is the stand? Have you ever read that?
I've never finished that. I'm not a big reader. I've read quite a bit of it.
And then I bail.
Yeah. I don't eight hundred and twenty three, eight hundred and twenty.
That's what I'm saying? The uncut version. So 300 more pages. Holy.
You know what got me into reading though. Like that kind of story.
That style book is the Hobbit. My mom or my stepdad.
I can't remember which one gave me the Hobbit in like the seventies. Okay.
And I read that and I was like, whoa, what a crazy book.
And then there was a movie,
there was like a Hobbit animated movie that came out in like the late set.
It's like whack old school animation.
We can tell people were drawing it <laugh>.
You can see their hands. Yeah. You're like, why are we.
That's what got me into those kind of books though.
But it, I remember going through puberty,
my mom gave me little women and I was like, is there a movie?
Is there I can't little women? Yeah. I think I did read little women.
There was like a box set or something. Well, when I.
Was a kid, when I was stuck on the train all the time, headed into the city,
there's no phones. You didn't have a phone.
So you had to read a book mm-hmm <affirmative> like, there was no other options.
So it was like, for me, it was always like either Stephen King or,
you know, whatever, whatever I could find that was saying,
watch the entire episode for free, only on Spotify.